README.md, before:

# Eurora

Welcome to Eurora, a context aware, cross-platform, fully private and open source AI platform.

The primary goal of Eurora is to provide seamless OS integration for AI assistants and ensure full privacy for users all around the world by applying the highest standards set by the European Union. We have first-party support for local deployment and will extensive documentation for running this on your own home server.

We're a community driven project, and we welcome contributions from anyone who is interested in helping us build a better future for AI.

## License

Eurora is [fair-code](https://faircode.io/) distributed under the [Sustainable Use License](https://github.com/eurora-labs/eurora/blob/main/LICENSE-SUL-1.0), with each version re-licensed as [Apache-2.0](https://github.com/eurora-labs/eurora/blob/main/LICENSE-APACHE-2.0) two years after its release.

Our primary goal is to provide the community with a powerful and extensible AI platform that can run on your own home hardware, while rivaling the industry leaders in terms of performance and features.

Main points of Sustainable Use License (SUL) are:

- _Source Available_: Always visible source code
- _Self-Hostable_: Deploy anywhere
- _Extensible_: Add your own plugins and features

## Installation

We support Windows, macOS, and Linux (x11). The installation will be available soon.

Commit message:

Revise installation section in README
Updated installation instructions with download link.

README.md, after:

# Eurora

Welcome to Eurora, a context aware, cross-platform, fully private and open source AI platform.

The primary goal of Eurora is to provide seamless OS integration for AI assistants and ensure full privacy for users all around the world by applying the highest standards set by the European Union. We have first-party support for local deployment and will extensive documentation for running this on your own home server.

We're a community driven project, and we welcome contributions from anyone who is interested in helping us build a better future for AI.

## License

Eurora is [fair-code](https://faircode.io/) distributed under the [Sustainable Use License](https://github.com/eurora-labs/eurora/blob/main/LICENSE-SUL-1.0), with each version re-licensed as [Apache-2.0](https://github.com/eurora-labs/eurora/blob/main/LICENSE-APACHE-2.0) two years after its release.

Our primary goal is to provide the community with a powerful and extensible AI platform that can run on your own home hardware, while rivaling the industry leaders in terms of performance and features.

Main points of Sustainable Use License (SUL) are:

- _Source Available_: Always visible source code
- _Self-Hostable_: Deploy anywhere
- _Extensible_: Add your own plugins and features

## Installation

Please download the version for your platform on https://www.eurora-labs.com/
